#This program will run a text-based Survival Game to Survive the Apocalypse

#Define the Intro function
def intro():
    print("As you may know, the world is at its very last knees. Your blood type is immune to the radiation.")
    print("There is a remote underground civilization left with all the remaining survivors.")
    print("Getting there won't be easy. The world is filled with radiation.")
    print("One of the remaining survivors on the ground that was exposed to the radiation formed a gang as a desperate attempt to rule the remaining world.")
    print("The Gang leader, Micheal, holds the key to the underground, though he doesn't know what it's for. He still holds it because he knows it's important.")
    print("Your objective is to defeat the gang leader, grab the key, and make it to the underground, aka UTOPIA.")
    decision = input("The choice is yours! Will you come to Utopia or stay on the ground, where there's constant terror and crime? (yes/no): ")
    return decision

#Define the start_user_function_pt1 function
def start_user_function_pt1():
    print("As expected, you made the right choice, a survivor's choice. The key is held within Micheal's headquarters.")
    print("You have two approaches to getting the key:")
    print("1. Stealth")
    print("2. Loud and Proud")
    approach = input("Which approach would you like to choose? (1/2): ")
    return approach

#Define the Stealth function
def stealth():
    print("Micheal isn't in the gang base. The base is guarded by 5 thugs at all times.")
    print("The thugs are hanging outside the door. You have to distract them to make them separate.")
    print("1. Throw an object at the opposite end of the room.")
    print("2. Whistle and run silently behind a box.")
    print("3. Notice a printer, turn it on, and run silently behind a box.")
    choice = input("Enter your choice (1/2/3): ")
    
    if choice == "1":
        print("You throw an object, distracting the thugs. They scatter and split up to investigate.")
        print("Their scattering leaves the door unguarded. You sneak into the room.")
        print("While in the room, you find the key. You jump out the window, escaping.")
        return True
    elif choice == "2":
        print("You successfully whistle, but as you silently run behind the box, you get CAUGHT.")
        return False
    elif choice == "3":
        print("You turn on the printer and successfully run silently behind a box.")
        print("There's still one gang member guarding the door. You throw an object, distracting him, and leaving the door unguarded.")
        return True

#Define the Loud and Proud function
def loud_and_proud():
    print("Micheal isn't in the gang base. The base is guarded by 5 thugs at all times.")
    print("The thugs are hanging outside the door. You have to get the key by any means necessary.")
    print("1. Throw a grenade near the door and make a run for it.")
    print("2. Make your presence known and start fighting the thugs.")
    choice = input("Enter your choice (1/2): ")

    if choice == "1":
        print("You throw a grenade near the door. It blasts 3 thugs unconscious, leaving 2 stunned.")
        print("You begin to fight them, and they put up a good fight, but they are no match for you
